# CS250_AgileScrum_Retrospective
#### Summary
This is a retrospective review of the Agile-Scrum work that was completed for the course.

#### How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
 When first gathering requirements for a development program, getting the users needs is a key step. Open and collabrative communication is important. Hear the users requests and then dive into each to ensure that you fully understand what they are asking for. Then, taking those user requests and breaking them down into their individual components will allow you to develop detailed, simple and actionable user stories. These user stories combined should build the book that is the users request, all working together to complete the final program.

#### How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When approaching a development project, I like to break the effort into managable chunks, starting with functionality requirements (Security, Access, Usability, Functions) and then breaking those down into individual "functions" or pieces of work. This allows me to properly build out a priority schedule, ensuring components are in place that need to be prior to others. This can ensure a strong secure development from the get go. It will also give me the base to build upon as the program evolves and can ensure good functionally through the whole process. Utilizing the "user stories" is by far the one agile practice I want to incorporate into my future development work. Retrospectives would be coming in at a close second. By utilizing the retrospectives, I can continue to improve my processes and learn from challenges to ensure continues growth in my development practices.

#### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To me, being a good team member in the software development world incorpartes two key items. Communication and Collaboration. Espicially in an agile development enviorment, comminicating with your team will ensure that everyone is on the same page as to work in progress, what your needs are and identifing how to move forward. Transparency in everything is the goal. By being an excellent communicatator, your bringing your team along in the work that you do, encreasing collaboration and team cohesivness. A team that doesn't talk is a team that is set up for failure. With strong communication comes collaboration, which can be the key between sucsessfuly completing a sprint and failing to complete. By working together and supporting each other, you are able to jump in when you have expertise in an area that a teamate may not. This not only ensures that the work is completed, it also helps train others to continue to grow the teams capabilities. 
